the best athletes in the world have
coaches who do you think you are to
think you don't need a coach
in whatever profession there's two
things first of all you actually get a
mentor
maybe it's a group on a couple of slack
channels that really help me out where i
try to be super humble and just
post my assumptions and tell them tear
them apart i'm trying to stress
test my assumptions here sometimes it's
very simple things and you
always find one if you can't actually
get a mentor what you do is you
imagine a mentor there might be someone
out there who you really look up to who
you might not be able to reach out to
you
think about a problem you're trying to
solve you describe it in
as much detail as you can imagine that
you sent that problem to the mentor
and then you mentioned about what the
mentor would say and then you imagine
about how you would react to that
and then you imagine again what your
mentor would say to that what you find
is that you'll never need to send an
email just by
putting yourself in the shoes of some of
the people you look up to you often come
to the conclusion yourself or you at
least
know what the right next step is
sometimes that's getting help sometimes
that's
getting a better understanding of the
problem but it often comes back to the
same type of things these are things
that i personally use
and that have helped me a ton
you